README.md, before:

# Release Notes

### Build 007
- Changed arrangement of intro screens
- Changed fonts on intro screens to system font
- Changed intro screen instructional video
- Intro screen will auto-detect keyboard installation
- Disable swiping between intro screens
- Dropped deployment target down to iOS 8.0

### Build 006
- Added location permission request to main app's onboarding walkthrough
- Changed keyboard grid to a three-row layout with smaller cells
- Changed settings link to try to deep-link to Keyboard Settings
- Updated instructional GIF

### Build 005
- Added instruction pages to main app and instructional video GIF
- Added rudimentary keyboard for cases where user hasn't enabled "Full Access"
- Added Mixpanel tracking

### Build 004
- Added #1, #2, #3 overlays over images
- Added splashscreen

### Build 003
- Added check to make sure Parse requests aren't being sent more than once per minute
- Removed "Sent via Speakeazy" text

### Build 002
- Added support for displaying animated GIFs
- Added activity indicator view
- Changed copied text to "Sent via Speakeazy"
- Fixed copying animated GIFs

### Build 001
- Initial test build

Commit message:

Added stronger caching behavior, changed keyboard background color, changed image collection view to have 4 rows, increased height of keyboard, added borders to main app buttons, tweaked text of main app, added "how to switch to keyboard" instructional image to main app

README.md, after:

# Release Notes


### Build 010
- Added stronger caching behavior
- Changed keyboard background color
- Changed image collection view to have 4 rows
- Increased height of keyboard
- Added borders to main app buttons
- Tweaked text of main app
- Added "how to switch to keyboard" instructional image to main app

### Build 009
- Advanced build number to keep TestFlight active

### Build 008
- Recompile to reupload to get around TestFlight problem

### Build 007
- Changed arrangement of intro screens
- Changed fonts on intro screens to system font
- Changed intro screen instructional video
- Intro screen will auto-detect keyboard installation
- Intro will detect nearest Speakeazy location after location permissions are granted
- Disable swiping between intro screens
- Dropped deployment target down to iOS 8.0

### Build 006
- Added location permission request to main app's onboarding walkthrough
- Changed keyboard grid to a three-row layout with smaller cells
- Changed settings link to try to deep-link to Keyboard Settings
- Updated instructional GIF

### Build 005
- Added instruction pages to main app and instructional video GIF
- Added rudimentary keyboard for cases where user hasn't enabled "Full Access"
- Added Mixpanel tracking

### Build 004
- Added #1, #2, #3 overlays over images
- Added splashscreen

### Build 003
- Added check to make sure Parse requests aren't being sent more than once per minute
- Removed "Sent via Speakeazy" text

### Build 002
- Added support for displaying animated GIFs
- Added activity indicator view
- Changed copied text to "Sent via Speakeazy"
- Fixed copying animated GIFs

### Build 001
- Initial test build
